welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 10 episode 21.
before we begin i want to give a quick
shout out to amc plus which is the best
way to watch the walking dead and
there's no better time to sign up
because next week is the last episode of
this extended 10th season
and it is here's negan the negan origin
story so you want to watch it plus while
the walking dead season 10 is coming to
an end
fear the walking dead is coming back yes
the second half of season six starts
next sunday april 4th
i'll be recapping it get amc plus and
watch along with me
now this episode is another one focused
on daryl and carol basically daryl tries
to fix his motorcycle and carol tries to
make a soup we start off in the morning
after their big fight from the last
episode we don't get to see their angry
slumber party carol's going home with
the meager supplies they found so far
daryl's gonna stay out a bit see if he
can find some more and the third
character here is dog who decides to go
home with carol he's sick of being out
in the woods i guess back in alexandria
carol meets up with jerry
all right one of my favorite characters
he's in it basically we get a few more
details about how alexandria is pretty
trashed after the whisperers lead their
horde in here there's already someone
fixing most of the problems so carol's
like well i'm gonna make a soup there's
a problem in the pantry though there is
a rat sneaking supplies so carol's gotta
make a little rat trap and
set that out then she goes out to forge
more supplies for the soup and basically
just finds weeds she also though finds a
bunch of walkers and she's like oh i'm
gonna take you all out we see her kill
this one but then it just cuts to
artistic close-ups of insects like while
these sound effects go in the background
meanwhile daryl out in the woods still
but how his motorcycle breaks down yeah
it's a faulty valve luckily he's able to
find a car nearby with the piece he
needs but there's a walker in it that
shifts to the back whoa he's almost
crushed but it all works out in the end
unfortunately though he doesn't have the
tool he needs to fix it he lent it to
carol at the beginning of the episode
whoops
luckily he finds some zombies too and
one of them's an army guy so he goes
over there and
takes him out and now he's got a bunch
of good supplies and a replacement
multi-tool so back at alexandria carol's
trap worked she's caught a rat but oh it
falls out and she
chases it around for a bit she can't get
it but that night she's awoken by the
sound of scurrying she's like man it's
right here i can hear it i'm just gonna
cut a hole in the wall if any of you
ever find yourself with rodent problems
i do not recommend this technique
because then she goes full henry's awful
mistake and starts taking out
all the walls like i'm gonna get your
rat this is i guess a metaphor of like
how it's her friendship with daryl
that's broken and she doesn't know how
to fix it but
uh in the morning jerry's ready for some
soup but when he sees the mess in there
it's like hey girl you good they talk
about her and daryl's friendship but
jerry's like yo i'm no good at this i'm
just gonna give you a hug just then
symbolizing the whatever the rat comes
out of the pantry on its own
well meanwhile daryl makes it back and
these two don't apologize but the
understanding is when you're best
friends you don't need to say you're
sorry they're all good and now get ready
because next week is the final episode
of this extended 10th season and it's
time for
here's negan the negan origin story yes
whether you've accepted his redemption
arc and now love your uncle negan or you
will never forgive him you hate his dumb
face every time you see him and you
can't wait for someone to kill him you
gotta admit negan is one of the best
characters on the show right now and i'm
so excited to see his origin we know
we're gonna meet negan's wife the real
life lucille that he named the bat after
what was her deal what adventures did he
get up to at the beginning of the zombie
apocalypse and how did he end up
starting the saviors
this episode has potential to be one of
the best the walking dead has ever had
you gotta watch it and the best way to
watch it is on amc plus
it comes with a one week free trial so
now's the time to do it sign up and
watch here's negan a few days early on
thursday april 1st and while the walking
dead season 10 is ending fear the
walking dead is just coming back yes the
second half of season six starts this
sunday april 4th and season six of fear
has actually been really good so far so
this is the time to get back into it my
recaps are obviously amazing but if you
only watch my recaps you're not getting
the full walking dead experience
if you want to watch every episode of
the walking dead along with me the best
way to do it is amc plus
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member